Data quality july updates (#646)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-07/consistency-in-structure.md

> # Avoid spelling mistakes in your product data

Reviewer: Add the YAML before the markdown for the PIM communication channel. See how to do it right here: https://www.notion.so/akeneo/Write-a-great-Serenity-updates-announcement-df78993e3fc746cda7d480e1a941048f

> ::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Data quality insights" available="early-July" link-to-doc="../articles/improve-data-quality.html#improve-data-quality"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Data Quality Insights" available="early July" link-to-doc="../articles/improve-data-quality.html#improve-data-quality"
```

> ::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Data Quality Insights" available="early July" link-to-doc="../articles/improve-data-quality.html#improve-data-quality"

Reviewer: It is really the link to the documentation of this feature?

:::

> We keep on adding new features to help you improve your data quality. To garantee consistency on your customer-facing product data, we introduced spell-check in category names, attribute and options labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now benefit from spell-checking on category names, attributes and option labels to guarantee consistency on your customer-facing product data.
```

> You can now check spelling mistakes and correct them in your categories and attributes data quality in the `Settings`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now check spelling mistakes and correct them in your categories and attributes data quality in the `Settings` pages. 
```

> This improvement is also available in the `Product Edit Form`. New recommendations are listed should we find errors. The better the content, the higher the consistency grade :wink:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This improvement is also available in the product form. New recommendations are listed should we find errors. The better the content, the higher the consistency grade! :wink:
```

Reviewer: As we talk about the consistency grade, I feel like a "What is the consistency grade?" in the More block would be more than welcomed. :)

> ![dqi-tab-consistency-in-structure](../img/dqi-tab-consistency-in-structure.png)

Reviewer: Screenshot missing.

::: more

> [What is data quality](../articles/understand-data-quality.html)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[What is data quality?](../articles/understand-data-quality.html)   
```

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/data-quality-attribute-grid.png
pim_announcement_alt_img: "Data quality in attribute grid"
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
---

# Avoid spelling mistakes in your product data
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Data Quality Insights" available="late July" link-to-doc="../articles/improve-data-quality.html#improve-data-quality"
:::

You can now benefit from spell-checking on attributes and option labels to guarantee consistency on your customer-facing product data.

> You can now check and correct spelling mistakes in attributes in the `Settings` pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now check and correct spelling mistakes in attributes in the `Settings` pages.  
```

This improvement is also available in the product form. New recommendations are listed should we find errors. The better the content, the higher the consistency grade! :wink:

![dqi-tab-consistency-in-structure](../img/data-quality-spelling-option.png)

::: more

> [What is data quality?](../articles/understand-data-quality.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[What is data quality?](../articles/understand-data-quality.html)  
```
We need to add two spaces at the end of each line to force going to the next line.

> [What is the consistency grade?](../articles/understand-data-quality.html#how-is-consistency-calculated)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[What is the consistency grade?](../articles/understand-data-quality.html#how-is-consistency-calculated)   
```
